Add OTP function (#97)
praw-dev/prawcore: CHANGES.rst

**Added**

* When calling :meth:`.Session.request`, we add the key-value pair
``"api_type": "json"`` to the ``json`` parameter, if it is a ``dict``.

> * :class:`.ScriptAuthorizer` has a new parameter ``otp_function`` that supplies

Author: ```suggestion
* :class:`.ScriptAuthorizer` has a new parameter ``two_factor_callback `` that supplies
```
